hi guys I'm okie and welcome back to
destiny today I want to talk about the
new weapon foundries which is coming in
the taken King bunchy says that hath
taken King Features the largest armory
that Guardians have ever seen including
the original launch of the game as of
now we know about 3 weapon foundries we
have hacker or Milan and searles now
each manufacturer is going to have a
unique way in how their stats are
balanced so let's begin with hacker
hacker is very much about function over
fashion this is how Bungie describes
hacker hammers not scalpels relatable
design harkening back to a lost era
hacker is not about existing form it's
about existing function our weapons
weapon hacker is the instrument of the
people now the weapons from hacker is
very military-style looking and it may
remind you of guns that you'll see in
the call of duty games in other words
it's built for soldiers next up we have
on Milan Milan is very experimental with
your weapons and this is how bunch of
describes on long experimental bordering
on irresponsible powered by barely
understood technology a fusion of the
mad scientist and product engineer of
the new frontier hallmark is the liquid
angle displays and alum powder cells
alone is the future returned now the
weapons from our Milan has a matte black
finish with hints of blue with a very
sleek and futuristic design and finally
they have sirs sirs featured both form
and function elegance is the face of
brutality and this is a bunch of
describes arose this is my sword
function is a given it must be given
form this sign is honed precision every
curve every line every camphor speaks
boosters philosophy service is elegance
amidst brutality now the weapons from
sorrows has a very nice and sleek design
which is wife and with hints of red and
of course sir signature which is the
curves now what I just showed you guys
is not
the entire product line that hacker I'm
alone and Sarah's has to offer the
burnisher want to hold back on some of
them so we can discover them for
ourselves now we'll make a more in that
video about every weapon manufacturer as
soon as we know more so guys thank you
very much watching now it seems all in
Alex meantime stay us guys